Add section about LSP support by compiledb scons command (#92)
godotengine/godot-cpp-template: README.md

* change the `entry_symbol` string inside your `demo/bin/your-extension.gdextension` file to be configured for your GDExtension name. This should be the same as the `GDExtensionBool GDE_EXPORT` external C function. As the name suggests, this sets the entry function for your GDExtension to be loaded by the Godot editors C API.
* register the classes you want Godot to interact with inside the `register_types.cpp` file in the initialization method (here `initialize_gdextension_types`) in the syntax `GDREGISTER_CLASS(CLASS-NAME);`.

> ### Language Server Protocol (LSP) support
> Scons can generate a compilation database file named `compile_commands.json` which has information about every compiled unit in your project. This file enables IDEs to be able to offer features such as autocompletion and syntax highlighting for your GDExtension and godot-cpp classes. 
> 
> To compile this file you can run this command in the project root directory:
> ```shell
> scons compiledb=yes compile_commands.json
> ``` 

Reviewer: This works, but I'd approach it more from the use-case angle. 

I like the formulation from the [godot-docs entry](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/contributing/development/configuring_an_ide/index.html). With some adjustments, perhaps something like this?

```suggestion
### Configuring an IDE 
You can easily develop Godot with any text editor and by invoking scons on the command line, but if you want to work with an IDE (Integrated Development Environment), you can use a compilation database file called `compile_commands.json`. Most IDEs should automatically identify this file, and self-configure appropriately.
To generate this file, you can run the following command in the project root directory:
```shell
scons compiledb=yes compile_commands.json
```

For more information, please read the [Godot documentation article about configuring an IDE](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/contributing/development/configuring_an_ide/index.html). While targeted to people who work on the engine, it is mostly compatible with development in godot-cpp as well.

Author: Wow you are quick with reviewing. Should be updated now with some minor changes. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: Works for me!

* change the `entry_symbol` string inside your `demo/bin/your-extension.gdextension` file to be configured for your GDExtension name. This should be the same as the `GDExtensionBool GDE_EXPORT` external C function. As the name suggests, this sets the entry function for your GDExtension to be loaded by the Godot editors C API.
* register the classes you want Godot to interact with inside the `register_types.cpp` file in the initialization method (here `initialize_gdextension_types`) in the syntax `GDREGISTER_CLASS(CLASS-NAME);`.

### Configuring an IDE 
You can develop your own extension with any text editor and by invoking scons on the command line, but if you want to work with an IDE (Integrated Development Environment), you can use a compilation database file called `compile_commands.json`. Most IDEs should automatically identify this file, and self-configure appropriately.

> To generate the database file, you can run the following command in the project root directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the database file, you can run one of the following commands in the project root directory:
```
